this is the Triforce of wisdom link the
evil wizard Gannon has the Triforce of
power whoever gets both try forces the
rubies land forever you must help me
link hey for you seldom anything
nice job here oh good excuse me princess
ah smell that night there nothing better
after a good meal ah I ate too much
still not used to living in a castle
course I'm doing my best to adapt
Oh
hey what are you up to link uh I was
just gonna swing in through your
daughter's window and try to get her to
kiss me not a chance no no you'll need
to take flowers then you might succeed
gasps girls are crazy about flowers
flowers right thanks good luck my boy
flowers for me I'll have sweet you're
sweet link clumsy but sweet so for you a
big kiss you mean it worked
this always happens
gannon after daddy stand aside princess
now not so fast getting yeah
hero
stop him hey I'm trying princess
take this year old
I say that wasn't nice at all Wow looks
like I'll have to drop out a hero
business
wait one chance
that's what you think
really that was quite impolite silence
blank blank blank Oh dying kiss me oh
you you're fine obviously oh come on
Princess no you let my father d captured
by Gannon hey excuse me princess I
wasn't falling to my death for fun just
then we must rescue my father right
right I was just getting to that part
one thing bothers me though what's that
where'd Gannon get that flying unicorn
unit line is the best creature I ever
captured at kings canyon is my breast
there and soon I will be all mine
you